 Green Residency | Federal Authority for Identity, Citizenship, Customs & Port Security Skip to content Logo Gold star Logo Home About ICP show submenu for "About ICP" div]:p-3 [&>div]:w-72 lg:flex lg:flex-wrap"> Overview The ICP Strategy 2023-2026 Laws and Legislation Strategic Partners CSR The New Generation of Emirati Passport ICP Sustainability Efforts UAE Customs Platform ICP Terminology Services show submenu for "Services" div]:p-3 [&>div]:w-72 lg:flex lg:flex-wrap"> Interactive services Golden Residency Blue Residency Green Residency The UAE Government Charter Services for People of Determination and Senior Citizens and Residents Digital Participation show submenu for "Digital Participation" div]:p-3 [&>div]:w-72 lg:flex lg:flex-wrap"> Blog Digital Participation Policy Contact DG Results of the E-decision Consultations Gamification Sharik.ae Open Data Media show submenu for "Media" div]:p-3 [&>div]:w-72 lg:flex lg:flex-wrap"> ICP News Media Gallery Events Advertisement ICP Initiatives Contact Us Search Search Close modal Search within the website Search Submit Search Advanced Search Login Login Accessibility Accessibility Switch language Close modal The Federal Authority for Identity, Citizenship, Customs & Port Security was awarded a 5 star rating by the Global Star Rating System for Services on 19/11/2023 Close modal English عربي Other languages Spanish German Portuguese French Russian Chinese Disclaimer: The display of content in other languages relies on the automated translation service provided by Google. Accordingly, the Federal Authority for Identity, Citizenship, Customs and Port Security bears no responsibility for the accuracy of the translated content. Home Green Residency Green Residency What is Green Residency? The Green Visa is a type of long-term residency permit, valid for five years and renewable, granted through self-sponsorship. It allows the holder to live and work without needing a sponsor within the country. This system is one of the UAE’s strategic initiatives to enhance the living and working environment and attract global talent, investors, and freelancers by providing a flexible long-term residency model that ensures greater stability and flexibility in living within the country. Strategic Objectives of the Green Residency Enhancing the UAE’s competitiveness and attractiveness as a global destination for talent and investment. Enabling skilled professionals and freelancers to work and settle more flexibly. Supporting a knowledge-based and innovation-driven economy. Facilitating a business environment and providing long-term residency options for employees and investors. Key Benefits A renewable 5-year residency permit. No sponsor required within the country (self-sponsorship). Family members, including spouse and children, can be sponsored according to approved terms and conditions. Greater flexibility upon residency expiry through specified grace periods. Support for highly skilled individuals, innovators, investors, and freelancers. Eligible Categories The Green Residency is granted to the following categories based on specific criteria:- Skilled Workers Must have a valid employment contract in the UAE. Classified under skill levels 1 to 3 according to the occupational classification of the Ministry of Human Resources & Emiratisation. Hold a minimum educational qualification of a bachelor’s degree. Meet the minimum monthly salary requirement of AED 15,000 or equivalent in foreign currencies. Freelancers and Self-Employed Must hold a freelancing or self-employment permit issued by the Ministry of Human Resources & Emiratisation. Hold a minimum qualification of a bachelor’s degree, specialized diploma, or equivalent. Provide proof of stable annual income or financial solvency throughout the residency period. Annual income from freelancing must not be less than AED 360,000 in the past two years or equivalent in foreign currencies. Investors and Business Partners Provide proof of investment or partnership in a project within the UAE. Hold all required licenses and approvals from the relevant authorities. Related Services Golden Residency Blue Residency Did you find this content useful? You can help us improve by providing your feedback about your experience. 0 0 Like disLike What is the reason for your feedback? Browsing the page is convenient and easy I found the page convenient and clear I was able to access information easily Another reason mention it Skip Thank you for your message. It has been sent. Close What is the reason for your feedback? I encountered a technical problem I could not find the information I wanted The content is incomprehensible Another reason اذكر السبب الاخر Skip Thank you for your message. It has been sent. Close Have you recently used our services through our digital platforms? Rate your experience Close modal The “Rate Your Experience” form aims to listen to your opinions and feedback about your experience using our services, whether through Customer Happiness Centers or via our digital platforms. Note: all fields are mandatory, except the ones marked as optional Rate your experience Name This field is required Email Please check e-mail Message This field is required Just a moment... Thank you for sharing your review. Last updated on: March 23, 2026 / Information and Support FAQ Sitemap Contact Us Suppliers inquiries Inquiries and Complaints Platform Smart Services Platform Using The website Disclaimer Terms & Conditions Copyright Accessibility Digital Accessibility Statement Information Center Creative Ideas Platform Customer Happiness Centers 360 Virtual Tour FAQs SDK Tool Validation Gateway Online Services ID Card Status New Identity Card Issuance Data Update Identity Card Renewal Issuance of a Visa Issuing Residency Permit 171 Inside UAE: 600522222 Outside UAE +971600522222 Copyright © 2026 Federal Authority For Identity, Citizenship, Customs & Port Security. All rights reserved. Last updated on 19/06/2026 Follow us on: facebook instagram LinkedIn X Platform YouTube Choose Instant Chat Customer pulse Search Federal Authority For Identity, Citizenship, Customs & Port Security You are leaving https://icp.gov.ae and entering a website that Federal Authority For Identity, Citizenship, Customs & Port Security does not control and may have a different content and privacy policies. Don’t show me this message again Continue Stay on this site Close modal Support Agent Support and live chat with a support staff member. Start Chat Virtual Assistant The virtual assistant Hamad provides a fast response with no waiting. Start Chat We use cookies to personalise this website Our site enables script (e.g. cookies) that is able to read, store, and write information on your browser and in your device. By using our website, you're agreeing to the collection of data as described in our Privacy Policy. Allow Cookies Reject