Dubai Land Department - Dubai REST Heading ● ● ● ● ● ● We would like to inform you that from 1st August 2021, we have changed our technical support email from [email protected] to [email protected] . Kindly ensure to use the new email. Close Toggle navigation Main Menu Home (current) About Us Dubai Land Department About Dubai Land Department Customer Happiness Charter Organization Chart Regional & International Relations Strategic Map Dubai Land Department Annual Report 2024 Cyber Security Awareness Management’s Message Partnership Policies Rules & Regulations Services Information Owner Tenant Developer Real Estate Companies Financial Institutions Open Data Development Handbook Research Indexes Real Estate Data News & Media User Guide Downloads Support Noqodi Payment Support Accessibility العربية Toggle navigation user Search What are you looking for…? What are you looking for…? العربية Notifications Currently there are no new notifications from Land Department View All Notifications Accessibility Voice Navigation Home Dubai REST Dubai REST Dubai REST is the smart real estate platform for real estate services, through which all real estate services performed by property owners, tenants, real estate brokers, developers, real estate valuators, investors and all beneficiaries of the real estate market. The application enables property owners to access their properties through a real estate wallet that provides them with information about the current prices of their properties, rental return, service charges. Submit a request for issuance of the map, request for issuance of To Whom It May Concern letter, request for a mortgage bid, request for property evaluation, and pay the service charges fees. Dubai REST also enables both property owners and tenants to manage leases (registration, renewal, and cancellation of the lease), submit rental dispute cases, and follow up them. The application provides for all of the real estate market beneficiaries with multiple services such as the rental index and the sale index in different periods. Moreover, the application provides details about real estate brokers and their performance levels, data of real estate offices and their classifications, valuation companies, management companies, consultancy companies and certified developers. Key Features One of the most important features of the application is to enable all the beneficiaries of the off-plan projects to obtain real-time information about the projects such as: The percentage of completion, the actual pictures of the project, the escrow account number, payments due on the owners in the projects that they invested in addition to the possibility of activating the feature of the favorite projects to be able to follow-up the details of these projects. A comprehensive real estate wallet for real estate owners available on smart devices includes all the services that enable them to conduct property transactions (sale, purchase, lease, and mortgage). Provide details about real estate brokers and their performance levels, data of real estate offices and their classifications, valuation companies, management companies, consultancy companies and certified developers. Providing real estate services such as selling, leasing, submit rental dispute cases and follow up them, submitting applications for issuing a valuation certificate, letter To Whom It May Concern and issuing map through the application. The application provides for all of the real estate market beneficiaries with multiple services such as the rental index and the sale index in Dubai and the service charges index of the property with the ability of payment through the application. Electronic payment through the electronic payment portal Noqodi. The system is available in Arabic and English on Android and Apple stores. Facebook Linkedin Instagram Twitter Email About Us Support Complaint Direction Frequently Asked Questions Customer Happiness Charter Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Accessibility Sitemap Service Name Updates This site is best viewed on latest versions of Chrome / Firefox / Edge - Resolution 1920x1080 Site was last updated on 03 June 2026 - 11:06 AM Copyright © 2024 Dubai Land Department - All Right Reserved Happiness Meter Services Payment Support menu option Location Newsroom Support Talk to Malik Chat with Malik Live Chat Chat Follow Us on Social Media Close Facebook Linkedin Instagram Twitter Email Malik - DLD's Virtual Assistant Powered by OpenAI Talk to Malik Chat with Malik Talk to Live Agent Live Chat Noqodi Customer Support Close For payment-related issues, please reach us via phone or through our support form Call Us 600 503 036 Submit Support Request For general enquiries, send us an email : [email protected] Close